To activate the virtual env : fist go to en folder then type command: env\Scripts\activate (env:- virtual name)

Folder structure
 -main folder
    -main folder name
       -this folder contained all project files
       -manage.py is server folder to run this file
       -To run server :python manage.py runserver
       
Next go to main project folder in that go to settings.py folder

Go to django.png image to understand django Request life cycle.

Note when run first time we get this error: 
                                           -You have 18 unapplied migration(s). Your project may not work properly until you apply the    migrations  for app(s): admin, auth, contenttypes, sessions. Run 'python manage.py migrate' to apply them.

What is migrations
  -It is blueprint for database model

Database model means
  - You want user table then you create user model 

To migrate run this command
   -python manage.py migrate
   To change see db.sqlite3 file.
   After this command user auth tables are created.
   To see change got first.png file.

All user empty to create first user use command
  To create admin using below command
  -python manage.py createsuperuser

   Username (leave blank to use 'hemanth'): admin
   Email address: 
   Password: 
   Password (again):
   Superuser created successfully.
   To change database go to second.png file

To create a new app by using the command
   -python manage.py startapp ebooks_app
   New app is created 

'ebooks_app' # Register our app in settings.py file in main folder using folder name

Only one project and one or more apps.


----------------------------------------------------------------
Day 2
Each Model as called as table
One Row is called as one Model.
Model is represent of row
Note : Model name Should be in singular format. Example Book not Books.
First create Model
Then enter below command for create corresponding tables
   -python manage.py  makemigrations
In migration file it as blueprint of database.

Next run below command
   -python manage.py  migrate 
It is used apply changes.

Next Register in admin.py file new create a Model 
